Adding option to allow spdlog to be compiled. (#1232)
rapidsai/rmm: CMakeLists.txt

# build options
option(BUILD_TESTS "Configure CMake to build tests" ON)
option(BUILD_BENCHMARKS "Configure CMake to build (google) benchmarks" OFF)

> option(RMM_COMPILED "Use spdlog compiled library. Header-only version is used otherwise" OFF)

Reviewer: How about we flip the semantics of this? Also a more specific name.

```suggestion
option(RMM_HEADER_ONLY_SPDLOG "Use header-only spdlog. Compiled version is used otherwise." ON)
```

Note you had a different name below anyway.

Author: Oops. I kept going back and forth about the name and it looks like I ended up not even getting the option right in the end.

  target_link_libraries(rmm INTERFACE CUDA::cudart)
endif()

> message(STATUS "RMM: Use SPDLOG Compiled: ${RMM_SPDLOG_COMPILED}")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
message(STATUS "RMM: Use header-only spdlog: ${RMM_HEADER_ONLY_SPDLOG}")
```
